Hahahaha
Uncle Luo, uncles, of course it's a celebration party
I said before about investing
I don't believe you when you say no hurry
Is celebration better than blue?
Why didn't you tell me earlier that you could triple the investment?
Uncle Luo, I'm in a hurry
Three times, of course.
This is Lu Enterprises' big deal this time.
Lu Enterprises
Land patrol, right?
Which other one is in Jingzhou?
Can you be as wealthy as Lu Enterprises?
Haha, where are they?
Just left, hey, hey, hey.
Wow Miss Tang Chen Sheng
How are you
Now everyone in the city knows that good things are coming for Miss Tang
We, Mr. Lu, dare not come to court
I'm here to send a congratulatory gift
Miss Tang
Your big day
Don't forget to treat us to a wedding drink
No, my brother and I had a misunderstanding.
Are you also trying to piss off Mr. Lu?
I don't know who it is
But Mr. Lu found a female companion for us
What kind of woman do you think our Mr. Lu has?
Just his sweetheart
You insist on pulling coal for him
You say play
It's so obvious that I can't see it
It seems that it is really messy to care
You mean they were acting?
Well, it seems that 150 million was spent in vain
150 million
That money is one after another
Lu Xue
I have to make my old minister
Otherwise, the triple investment will be wasted
Miss Tangtang, Mr. Lu is in Jinlou Jinlou